release: Add new changelogger binary (#332)
elastic/cloud-sdk-go: notes/v1.4.0.md

# Changelog

This release of the Elastic Cloud SDK Go should be used for ECE Version `2.10.0`.

## New APIs

### Add new `trafficfilterapi.NewUpdateRequestFromGet` ([#317](https://github.com/elastic/cloud-sdk-go/issues/317))

New function allows building a traffic filter update request from the current traffic filter.

### Add new proxy `settingsapi.Get` function ([#326](https://github.com/elastic/cloud-sdk-go/issues/326))

Adds a new API that allows obtaining ECE Proxy setting information.

### Add new proxy `settingsapi.Update` function ([#327](https://github.com/elastic/cloud-sdk-go/issues/327))

Adds a new API that allows updating an ECE Proxy settings, overriding any previous settings with the specified parameters.

### Add new proxy `settingsapi.Patch` function ([#328](https://github.com/elastic/cloud-sdk-go/issues/328))

Adds a new API that allows updating a partial definition of a proxy's settings using the PATCH method.

## Enhancements

### Add failure fields to plan tracking ([#315](https://github.com/elastic/cloud-sdk-go/issues/315))

A new `FailureDetails` field has been added to the plan tracking output and returned error from `plan.TrackChange`.

> This change will only be noticeable for clients that chose to plan a change with a JSON formatter. Other clients

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change will only be noticeable for clients that choose to plan a change with a JSON formatter. Other clients'
```
